Wafv2 doc (#7)
telia-oss/ses-tf-modules: wafv2/rate-based-acl/README.md

## Rate Based ACL

The module is creating resources for rate-base rule ACLs.
A rate-based rule tracks the rate of requests for each originating IP address, and triggers the rule action on IPs with rates that go over a limit.
More information can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/waf-rule-statement-type-rate-based.html)

## Usage

### Rate Based ACL

In general, two scenarios have been addressed:

> 1. WAF is associated with a resource (e.g ALB) behind a proxy and the client address must be taken from the x-forwarded-for header.
> 2. WAF is associated with a resource (e. ALB) used directly by clients. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. WAF is associated with a resource behind a proxy and the client address must be taken from the x-forwarded-for header.
2. WAF is associated with a resource used directly by clients.
WAF can be associated with folowing resources:
Application Load Balancer (ALB), an Amazon API Gateway REST API, an AWS AppSync GraphQL API, or an Amazon Cognito user pool 
```

The example is describing the both use cases, usually you will need only one.

```terraform
module "rate_based_acl" {
  source = "../wafv2/rate-based-acl"

  aws_managed_resource_arns = [module.main.external_lb_arn, module.main.products2_lb_arn]
  environment               = local.ENVIRONMENT

  # global rule settings for x-forwarded-for,
  # paths_x-forwarded-for variable has not been set so it will work for all paths
  enable_x-forwarded-for_rule = true
  rate_based_limit_x-forwarded-for = 200

  # global rule settings for client IP
  # paths_client-ip will generate scope-down statements which will narrow down to the defined paths
  enable_client-ip_rule = true
  rate_based_limit_client-ip = 200
  paths_client-ip = ["/shop/api/v2/cart/phone/add", "/shop/api/v2/cart/phone/addaaaa"]

  tags = merge(
    {
      terraform   = "True"
      environment = local.ENVIRONMENT
      purpose     = "AWS rate-based ACL"
    }
  )
}
```

### Rate Based ACL with Custom Rule Group
This rule group is intended to be used with rate based acl to allow fine grained configuration.
The `config` variable allows to configure limit per paths.

> The `aggregate_key_type` is indicating if the IP address should be taken from the x-forwarded-for header (`FORWARDED_IP`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aggregate_key_type` is indicating if the IP address should be taken either from the x-forwarded-for header (`FORWARDED_IP`) or from source IP (`IP`).
```
